.TH POLIPO 1
.SH NAME
polipo2 \- a caching web proxy
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B polipo
[
.B \-h
|
.B \-v
|
.B \-x
] [
.B \-c
.I config
] [
.IB var=val
]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Polipo2 is a caching HTTP proxy.  It listens to requests for web pages
from your browser and forwards them to web servers, and forwards the
servers' replies to your browser.  In the process, it optimises and
cleans up the network traffic.
.PP
By default, Polipo2 listens on TCP port 8123.  Please configure your
web browser to use the proxy on 
.B localhost 
port 8123.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
Display help and exit.
.TP
.B \-v
Display the list of configuration variables and exit.
.TP
.B \-x
Purge the on-disk cache and exit.
.TP
.B \-c
Select an alternate configuration file.
.TP
.IB var = val
Change the value of a configuration variable.
.SH FILES
.TP
.B /etc/polipo2/config
The default location of Polipo2's configuration file.
.TP
.B /etc/polipo2/forbidden
The default location of the list of forbidden URLs.
.TP
.B /var/cache/polipo2/
The default location of the on-disk cache.
.TP
.B /usr/share/polipo2/www/
The default root of the local web space.
.SH SIGNALS
.TP 
.B SIGUSR1
write out all in-memory objects to disk and reload the forbidden URLs file.
.TP 
.B SIGUSR2
write out all in-memory objects to disk, discard all in-memory
objects, and reload the forbidden URLs file.
.TP 
.B SIGTERM, SIGINT, SIGHUP
write out all in-memory objects to disk and quit.
.SH SECURITY
The internal web server will follow symbolic links that point outside
the local document tree.  You should run Polipo2 in a chroot jail if that
is a problem.
.PP
There is no reason to run Polipo2 as root.
.SH FULL DOCUMENTATION
The full manual for Polipo2 is maintained in a texinfo file, and is
normally available through a web server internal to Polipo2.  Please
make sure that Polipo2 is running, and point your favourite web browser
at
.IP
http://localhost:8123/
.PP
Alternatively, you may type
.IP
$ info polipo
.PP
at a shell prompt, or
.IP
C-h i m polipo2 RET
.PP
in
.BR Emacs .
.SH AUTHOR
Polipo was written by Juliusz Chroboczek.
Polipo2 is maintained by Silas S. Brown.
